
>>what's Tesssellation?

use to manage dataset for polygon present object in scene 
and divide them into suitable structure for rendering;

realtime, detail to dynamically add and sbutract from a mesh;

lead realtime techniques such as "parallax mapping" and "bump mapping";

along with shaders such as a Phong shader;

use for implement subdivision surfaces, level of detail scaling 
and fine displacement mapping;

tessellation implemented by hardware can generate an incredible 
amount of visual detail without add the detail to the model size
and paralyzing refresh rate.

in DX, the graphics primitive is the patch.

fTessLevel:
number of vertices introduce between existing vertices, 0 < fTessLevel <= 32.
N-Patch
Rectangle-Patch
Triangle-Patch

unlike other stage of the pipeline, these don't operate with triangles as primitive,
but use patches. the Hull shader take the control points for a patch as input
and determine certain parameter of the Tessellator, the Tessellator is a fixed-function unit,
so the programmer does not control how tessellation is calculated. the unit sends 
the points generate to the Domain Shader, which can apply operation to them.

>>Bezier curve

parametric curve used in computer graphics to model smooth curves.
not only used in rasterized images, but also in animation as a tool to control motion
used to control the velocity over time of the move in question

quadratic and cubic bezier curves are most common, Higher degree surves are expensive to evaluate.

when more complex shapes are needed, low order bezier curves are patched together, 
producing a bezier spline.
To guarantee smoothness, the control point at which two curves meet must be on the line 
between the two control points on either side.

simplest method for rasterize a bezier curve is to evaluate it at many closely space point
and scan convert the approximating sequence of line segment.
when points space too far apart, a common adaptive methos is recursive subdivision,
a curve's control points are checked if curve approximates a line segment to within a small tolerance.
if not, the curve is subdivided parametrically into two segments,  0 ≤ t ≤ 0.5 and 0.5 ≤ t ≤ 1,
and the same procedure is apply recursively to each half.


Number of control points 	Type 
10 		Cubic Bézier triangular patch 
15 		Quartic Bézier triangular patch 
16 		Cubic Bézier quad rectangle patch 



>>how to implement Tessellation in d3d9?

sample by cubic bezier:
16 control point generate a curve surface,

>>Apply:
-draw the ligthObj;
-adpat to my frame render the lightObj, test the tessellate;
-let camera move control.
-light shader start;